these Texas father is spending every
waking moment at the hospital his
newborn son is in the NICU unit while
his wife is in a coma East Texas news
Annette Falconer met with the father
this afternoon who was serving in
Afghanistan when he got the horrible
news about his family after seven years
of trying to conceive Sean and Heather
Brown received the greatest news ever
earlier this year they were expecting
their first baby it came back and it was
a an overwhelming relief that we finally
we finally were able to conceive shortly
after the news Sean who is also a
Gladewater police officer was called to
serve in Afghanistan for the US Army but
on September 14th Heather Brown at just
34 weeks pregnant suffered a severe
headache and on her way to the ETM Sea
emergency room she began to have
seizures she wound up having an aneurysm
in her brain and slipped into a coma
they had to emergency c-section the baby
and the Heather hasn't come out yet
Shawn traveled from airport to airport
trying to get home in a hurry my police
department that I work for at Gladewater
coordinated with Tyler PD and they had a
police escort waiting for me to rush me
over see my son just four pounds
john-michael Thomas Brown is in the NICU
but he's expected to be okay
the main concern is mom they're
expecting her to to eventually come
through
she is not brain-dead she does have some
brain activity she is going to recover
but we don't know to what extent Shawn
says every day he tries to get stronger
through prayer for his wife Heather and
baby John in Tyler and at Falconer East
Texas news family and friends of the
brown family have set up a fund to help
support their medical stay as well as
Shawn's time away from work right now
donations can be dropped off at any
Austin Bank in East Texas under the
Heather and John Brown fund